Document `mysql_user_key` parameter (#309)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/data-connectors/mysql.md

- `mysql_host`: The hostname of the MySQL server.
- `mysql_tcp_port`: The port of the MySQL server.
- `mysql_db`: The name of the database to connect to.

> - `mysql_user_key`: The secret key containing the username to connect with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mysql_user_key`: The name of the secret key containing the MySQL username.
```

> - `mysql_user`: The username to connect with, ignored if `mysql_user_key` is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mysql_user`: The MySQL username.  Ignored if `mysql_user_key` is provided.
```

> - `mysql_pass_key`: The secret key containing the password to connect with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `mysql_pass_key`: The name of the secret key containing the password to connect with.
```
